Dark Aristocrat

Among nobility, it is almost tradition to indulge beyond the accepted
norms of society. That which is taboo, after all, tastes the sweetest.
Those among the aristocracy that have darker predilections still find
themselves in pleasant company; there is no shortage of rich playboys
that have lost themselves in acts entirely unwholesome. Among these
twisted men, with blood both blue and black, is where you have found
yourself. You are a prime example of these sociopathic rulers; lithe,
dexterous, well educated, soft spoken, and wholly corrupted. But your
perversions go beyond simple criminal acts; you have strived to achieve
that which could be called truly evil, and relished in doing so. You
have touched upon that which should not be touched, and learned to
harness that power for your own dark needs. Now that this strength is
turned upon the world, it can only hope that it is used to itâ€™s benefit,
even if only coincidentally.

Stat Adjustments

\+1 Dexterity, +1 Smarts, Raise attunement to at least 6, or +2 if
already greater than or equal to 6

Talents Granted

  - > Dueling

Whenever you make a successful melee attack roll against a target, or
successfully parry an attack from that target, you gain a +1 to hit that
target. This bonus is lost whenever you take damage from that target.

One Smarts talent of your choice

Either Basic Necromancy, Basic Eldritch Magic, or Basic Divine Magic

Background Ability

**Invoke Name:** Connections are power, and you have quite a few. You
may choose to invoke either your own heritage, the name of a noble from
your past, or whatever dark power you have devoted yourself to. You gain
a +4 bonus to checks made to persuade or intimidate those that respect
or fear that name. Additionally, once per day, you may sacrifice any
number of creatures in the name of your dark powers. Doing so is a
ritual that takes place over the course of one hour. It requires at
least 20 sq ft of space, and the expenditure of materials worth at least
5 gold. If successful, you are rewarded, with the nature of the reward
depending on what is requested and the potency of the sacrifice offered.

Starting Equipment

1x Good quality 1-handed weapon

1x set of Good quality armor (worth less than 200 gp before quality
price increase)

1x Journal

1x Fountain pen

1x Ink bottle

1x Set of good clothing

1x Horse or equivalent mount

1x Family crest or heirloom

1x Religious or Occult item worth less than 100 gp

1d100+25 gp, 1d100 sp, 1d100 cp
