Necromancer

You have a background in practices found unsavory by others, regardless
of the purposes you may put your powers towards. While not every
necromancer is some evil megalomaniac bent on world domination, it sure
does seem like every megalomaniac bent on world domination winds up
picking up necromancy. *You* find your talents quite useful, as mastery
over death brings with it many options not available to the common
layman, or even other mages. All the same, you keep your recreational
activities to yourself, just in case.

<span class="underline">You gain +5 to Attunement during character
creation</span>

<span class="underline">You automatically gain proficiency with the
Death school of magic, and may use the basic attack for that school,
Necrosis (described in the talents section.)</span>

<span class="underline">Necromancers start with the following
gear:</span>

  - 1 set cloth armor

  - 1 one-handed weapon of their choice

  - 1 dagger

  - 1 wand (Generalist)

  - 1 bag of ritual materials (5 uses)

  - 1 gallon of preservative fluid

  - 1 shovel

<span class="underline">You may choose three talents from the following
list; you must meet the prerequisites for a talent in order to take it.
Should you gain the prerequisites during another part of character
creation, you may select that talent.</span>

  - Essence Drain (Death Magic)

You force a foe to bolster your own strength, adding their life essence
to your own as theirs drains away. This is a modifier to Necrosis. You
must declare you are using this ability before you roll. Essence Drain
increases the difficulty of the attack by -10 and causes you to regain
half the damage dealt (rounded up) as HP.

  - Biting Blade (Death Magic)

*Prereqs:* Essence Drain

Your every strike sates your hunger for life. You may choose to make an
attunement check before making an attack with a weapon against a foe. If
you succeed, you regain a quarter of the damage dealt (rounded up) as
HP. If you fail, the attack is still made, but at a -20 penalty.

  - Transposition (Death Magic, Ritual)

*Prereqs:* Essence Drain

Wounds taken by you or your allies are more easily handled when they are
properly distributed. Once a day, you may perform a ritual to establish
a physical bond between you and a number of other people (1 person per
success on an attunement check, base 1/max 6). This ritual takes quite a
bit of time, and must be done out of combat. Once the link is
established, on your turn within combat, you may heal any number of
wounds from any number of targets you are linked with. In exchange, for
every point of damage healed, you take that much damage. Alternatively,
you may instead choose to take the wounds you have received and force
them onto those you have linked with, reversing the process. You may not
do both within the same shot. This is a 0 shot cost.

  - Create Undead (Death Magic, Ritual)

*Prereqs:* Proficiency in the Conjuration school of magic

The dead themselves rise to your commands. This ritual takes at least 15
minutes, and must be performed outside of combat. To perform the ritual,
you require a corpse of a living being bearing some semblance of
physical form, be it flesh, bone, or something similar. Make an
attunement check; if the check succeeds, the target rises, now reinfused
with the broken remnants of the soul it once had. The created undead is,
for all intents and purposes, identical to the base creature, save for
two things. The soul is used as a guiding force, and has no free will or
semblance of thought, barring it from possessing any Smarts talents it
may have once possessed. Additionally, the creature may not have full
power over the body it has reinhabited, as the body is not precisely the
same as that it controlled in life. The creature receives a -20 penalty
to all stats as a result. For every success beyond base, you may remove
5 points from the penalty.

  - Snuff Out

Those on the edge of death find themselves being shoved off. If a
creature is currently in negative HP, you may force them to make a death
saving throw at a -10 penalty as a 2 shot action.

  - Reabsorb

*Prereqs:* Snuff Out, Create Undead

Beings made to serve shall do so, even if it means their end. You may,
as a 2 shot cost, end the lives of any number of undead under your
control. Doing so causes you to gain their max HP in temporary HP until
the end of combat.

  - Soulcrafting

*Prereqs:* Proficiency in the Enchanting school of magic, Create Undead

Your knowledge of life and death continues to grow, showing you new uses
for previously limited resources. You gain the ability to craft magical
items using the souls of the dead. Additionally, you gain the ability to
make cursed items.
