Star Wars Notes

Colony Notes

487 tonnes of scrap

Colony has scanner array, 250 km range

Colony is 2 km wide, with the trapper’s lodge 20 km away

3 Med Students, 5 Doctors, 50 trappers, 20 engineers, 20 farm families,
(5 man families, 100 total)

Mining operation produces 2500 credits for the group per month

Medical operation produces 7500 credits for the group per month

Trapper operation produces 3000 credits for the group per month

Farming exports produces 500 credits for the group per month

Party Notes

398 hours remaining on artifact pistols

51 hours remaining on the Tiny Hammer

***Corrolis Sector Info***

***Arcarius System***

12 planets, 11 habitable. Orange sun, high habitability range

*Arcarius Primaris:* Largely barren planet, primarily consisting of
deserts with a narrow band of rainforest near the equator. Fauna is
highly aggressive, with no sentient life. Natural deposits of Desh can
be found all throughout the desert. More dangerous but more valuable are
the carbonite deposits, found near a number of natural tabanna gas
pockets. Mining these runs the risk of bursting the pocket and
destroying future carbonite production. Finally, a currently unnamed
breed of lizard within the jungle possesses a brilliant set of scales
with a near opalescent quality that would be exceedingly valuable if
sold.

**Problems:** Within one of the caves from which they harvest carbonite,
there is a krayt dragon.

***<span class="underline">Arcarius Secundus:</span>*** Twin to Arcarius
Prime, Secundus is the more habitable of the two. Most of the planet is
forested, with higher than average temperatures. Fauna and flora both
suitable for habitation purposes, with no higher than average risks
involved. Fresh water and food are both in ample supply, as is extremely
good farmland. Additionally, an algae discovered during surveys has been
proposed to potentially be worth something in the medical field for its
ability to integrate symbiotically and attack internal threats to the
body.

*Arcarius III:* The youngest planet in the system, Arcarius III is
nearly uninhabitable, with it’s surface rife with tectonic and volcanic
activity. Much of the landmass is still unbearably hot, and it shows no
signs of rectifying the situation any time soon. However, should a
habitable area be found (or created), the volcanic activity makes mining
both easy and dangerous.

*Arcarius VI:* Largely unremarkable, this planet consists primarily of
plains, tundras, and mountain ranges, with little proper vegetation
inbetween. The temperature is unpleasantly low, but not so much as to be
unbearable, even if one were, for some reason, nude. Fauna has yet to
develope here, so any livestock would need to be brought with. However,
this also means that most vegetation has yet to develop countermeasures
to consumption, such as thorns or capsaicin. Large river networks, left
by currently-in-motion glaciers, would make farming quite easy, as would
a lack of insects. At present, the only real bounty of the planet is its
relative lenience as a farm, however.

*Arcarius V:* Massive lightning storms rack this planet, brought on by
the constant shear force winds. This alone would make the planet a
nightmare to settle, if not for the fact that the winds themselves are
corrosive, both to flesh and metal. The water on the planet bares an
extremely high PH score, and any level of humidity, let alone rain, will
destroy unshielded equipment in minutes. That being said, the planet
houses unique crystalline formations created by the constant acidic
reactions. Ruins are present.

*Arcarius VI:* A beautiful world, who’s only substantial landmass is an
archipelago near the equator. The islands are bountiful in fruit and
fauna, with nearly no predators. The oceans teem with aquatic life, and
ancient ruins of an aquatic species can be found across the planet. As a
warning, while the potential for income and prosperity exists, the only
strength the colony begins with is high fertility and a general lack of
concern for food. Land space is limited and inconvenient, and the only
basic industry is food.

*Arcarius VII:* This planet is a former ecumonopolis, brought to its
ruin in the past by some unknown force. A few light industries are
already nearly usable, and many more could be brought online with only a
little effort. Housing, similarly, would not be difficult to manage. The
planet sports two problems; uncontrolled battle droids, warring within
the city, and a number of major leakages of various unwholesome
substances.

*Arcarius VIII:* Similar to Arcarius VII, Arcarius VIII is a planet that
was clearly once inhabited, with a number of intact buildings remaining.
In fact, unlike Arcarius VII, almost all of the structures on Arcarius
VIII are completely intact, with agrifarms and cattle still in near
perfect condition. There’s even a mining superstructure with intact
power systems, simply waiting to be seized. One must therefore ask; why?

*Arcarius IX:* A gas giant bearing no useful gasses and extremely high
speed winds. Untouchable, for the most part

*Arcarius X:* Largely barren on the surface, Arcarius X has an intricate
system of underground tunnels and caves with extreme fungal growth, most
of it edible. Additionally, geological reports indicate the existence of
an organic crystalline structure somewhere underground. The crystal
itself may be worth quite a bit, as exposure to sunlight and
minerally-enriched water causes it to grow rapidly, with a flexible
structure that produces electricity when stressed (bent, struck, etc).

*Arcarius XI:* The last planet in the system showing former occupancy,
Arcarius XI is a veritable paradise world. All of it’s structures are
intact, and what structures they are. Glowing golden stone make up the
primary framework for nearly all structures, with clear deposits being
visible across the countryside even from space. Weather across the
planet has been seemingly modified to prevent any form of extremity,
instead allowing only clear sunshine or the occasional cool rain.
Facilities for this weather control are still in place, and could likely
be replicated if studied.

*Arcarius XII:* A cold world, primarily consisting of tundras.
Vegetation is scarce, as temperatures are usually below 0 across the
world, although a thin band of forest land exists near the equator.
Mineral reports on the ocean water shows they have higher than average
metallic content, meaning there are likely ore pockets someone on the
ocean floor that could be exploited.

***Mengask***

6 planets, 1 habitable. Cold brown sun, low habitability range.

*Mengask Prime:* The only habitable planet within Mengask, due to its
relative closeness to Mengask’s brown sun. Mengask Prime hosts a
pre-existing population, who’s technology is roughly equivalent to the
Republic, with the exception of manufacturing, which far outstrips
Republic output. The reason for this is currently unknown. They seem
receptive to communication, but have so far turned down entry into the
Republic.

***Cepheria***

9 planets, 8 habitable. Blue star, highly radioactive but with a high
habitable range

*Cepheria Prime:* Habitable only in technicality, Cepheria Prime is a
barren rock with high gravity and a very thin atmosphere. Vegetation is
largely absent, as is the soil it could grow in, likely due to the
nearly constant below freezing temperatures. Despite all of this,
settlement is attractive, for Cepheria has something to make up for it
all; Cepheria is almost entirely composed of precious metals, and mining
would be absurdly easy and lucrative.

*Cepheria II:* A verdant world with a lack of definable biome. The
planet itself is very well situated for colonization, with exceptional
soil, clean water, and a lack of mega-predators. It also seems to
possess a decent amount of exploitable minerals, with limited reports of
carbonite and kyberite.

*Cepheria III:* Virtually worthless as a potential colony, Cepheria III
has had numerous asteroid impacts, and it’s atmosphere is currently
filled with massive amounts of dust and storms, causing nearly any
colonization effort to be, at best, a waste of time.

*Cepheria IV:* A planetoid bearing no atmosphere, no water, no soil, and
extremely limited mineral content. Not deemed habitable.

*Cepheria V:* A true find. The planet itself has some issues with
predators, but aside from this, it is a beautiful world with near
infinite bounty. Colonization would be exceptionally easy, with any
number of viable locations for a first settlement. Farming could be
automated, and local fauna would make excellent cattle. Finally, the
planet boasts an asteroid ring with exceptional potential wealth; a
nearly unlimited supply of Nergon-14, a highly-sought explosive.

*Cepheria VI:* A water-covered planet whose primary source of landmass
is swamplands. While difficult to settle, the swamplands are a prime
source of farming and natural food. Fauna is largely absent, though the
oceans bear primitive fish. Mineral content is almost exclusively
underwater, making it difficult to access.

*Cepheria VII:* A radiation-blasted hellscape. A lack of atmosphere
prevents it from blocking out the heavy radiation from its sun. As such,
it is largely uninhabitable

*Cepheria VIII:* A planet composed largely of flat grasslands, with
limited fauna. Farming would be easy to set up, and what fauna there is
would be viable cattle. Ruins on the southernmost continent have sparked
some interest, as they are not currently identified as belonging to any
known culture, with reports showing that they bare active energy
signatures.

***Heron***

16 planets, 10 habitable. Bright yellow sun, medium habitability range

*Heron Prime: 21/14*

*Heron II: 10/16*

*Heron III: 80/62*

*Heron IV: 38/73*

*Heron V: 70/23*

*Heron VI: 36/14*

*Heron VII: 21/55*

*Heron VIII: 62/12*

*Heron IX: 57/78*

*Heron X: 26/91*

*Heron XI: Uninhabitable, Ice planet*

*Heron XII: Uninhabitable, Ice planet*

*Heron XIII: Uninhabitable, Ice planet*

*Heron IVX: Uninhabitable, Gas planet*

*Heron XV: Uninhabitable, Gas planet*

*Heron XVI: Uninhabitable, Gas planet*

***Gant***

8 planets, 4 inhabitable. Orange giant star, low habitability
