  - > Metamagic: Range

You may increase the range of a spell by 2x/3x/5x/10x in exchange for
taking a -2/-4/-6/-8 penalty to the roll. Spells with a range of
personal are able to be used on others with this talent, and have a
range of 5/10/20/30 feet in accordance with the penalties. This
increases the shot cost of the spell by 1.

  - > Metamagic Mastery: Distance

You may double the range of any magical ability, provided it has a range
beyond personal.

*Prerequisites: Metamagic; Range*

  - > Metamagic: Area

You may choose to have a spell affect an area instead of a single
target. Doing so causes the spell to affect 2/4/6/8 targets. If the
targets are ALL minions, you may double the number of targets. Using
this talent grants a -2/-4/-6/-8 penalty to the attunement roll for the
spell.

  - > Metamagic: Ward

You may choose to have a spell be bound to a runic ward rather than
immediately cast, which lasts for 10 minutes/1 hour/1 day/permanently.
Make the attunement check to cast the spell as normal, but take a
-2/-4/-6/-8 penalty to the roll.

  - > Metamagic: Focus Casting

You reduce the penalty to concentrate on maintaining a spell by 1 for
any spell you maintain. This reduces the base penalty of EACH spell, not
the total penalty

  - > Metamagic: Quickened Casting

Spells you cast cost 1/2/3/4 less shots to cast, but impose a
-3/-6/-9/-12 penalty. You cannot reduce the shot cost of a spell below
1.

  - > Metamagic: Persistent

Your spells linger beyond their normal expiration, applying admittedly
mitigated effects for much longer. This ability increases the shot cost
of a spell by 1, and imposes a stacking -1 penalty for each turn the
altered spell is maintained. For damaging spells, the initial attunement
check and damage rolls apply to any target that begins or ends their
turn in the affected space or spaces. However, the damage values
decrease by 1d6 on each of your turns. For effects that alter the
mentality, emotional state, or physical state of the target, you take a
stacking -1 penalty to any opposed checks required on your turn; if the
spell does not allow for an opposed check, and instead allows for a
save, targets receive a stacking +2 bonus to their saves on each of your
turns. If the spell does not normally allow for a save or opposed check,
the target receives a save using a stat determined by the base spell.

  - > Metamagic: Eruption

You may choose to have your spells originate from any point within
10/25/50/100 ft, instead of from you. Doing so imposes a -2/-4/-6/-8
penalty.

  - > Joint Casting

A band of mages is far stronger together when coordinated. If you and
another creature possess this talent, and are capable of casting the
same spells, you may synergize with that creature to boost the otherâ€™s
abilities. When adjacent to another creature with this talent, when you
cast a spell they possess, they may choose to cast the same spell (and
pay the appropriate shot cost). For every participant beyond the first,
all involved receive a +1 on their attunement checks. This bonus cannot
exceed a +10. Additionally, all those involved take the best roll among
the group, though they do not all gain the benefits or penalties of a
critical. The end result is a single spell, and may be countered by any
normal means.

  - > Silent Spell

You have overcome the natural predilection towards speaking incantations
to cast spells. You may cast spells silently, albeit at an increase of 1
shot. If you take this talent a second time, it does not increase the
shot cost of any spell it applies to. This may not stack with Still
Spell.

  - > Still Spell

The ability to surpass the need to add somatic components to spells is a
weakness, one which you have surpassed. You may cast spells without
moving your body, albeit at an increase of 1 shot. If you take this
talent a second time it does not increase the shot cost of any spell it
applies to. This may not stack with silent spell.

  - > Mind Over Magic

The control of magic ultimately comes down to discipline of the Mind,
something you have ultimately mastered. You may now use Silent Spell and
Still Spell in conjunction with one another. The shot cost increase
remains 1, even when both talents are used together.

*Prerequisites:* level 10, Silent Spell, Still Spell

  - > Martial Magic

You have studied and trained for many hours in order to combine your
martial prowess with your spellwork. It has finally paid off. Whenever
you make an attack or cast a spell, you may cast a spell or make an
attack, respectively. To do so, make both rolls as normal, with success
and failure of each being dictated by their respective rolls. Shots are
spent as if you had both made the attack and cast the spell, with each
action costing one less shot than normal. If either roll is a critical
failure, both rolls fail. The opposite applies for critical success.

  - > Spellstrike

Your training continues, bearing bountiful fruit. Whenever you use
Martial Magic, you may choose to increase the shot cost of the action by
2 to act as if both rolls were the same (you choose which roll is used).
This does not prevent critical failures or invent critical successes.

*Prerequisite:* Martial Magic

  - > Metamagic: Admixture

Your skill in magic has progressed to a journeyman level; you can see
the common threads winding through the many schools of magic, and how
they might be further interwoven. You now have the ability to combine
multiple spells into a single form, granting that spell additional
effects. This is a nebulous concept; it requires discussion and planning
with the DM, and will be subject to interpretation.
