Dexterity Talents

  - > Fist to Face (Coordination)

You have experience in the art of punching really hard. Unarmed attacks
now deal 7/9/12 damage.

*Prerequisites:* Health OR Dexterity 5/7/9

  - > Foot to Chest (Coordination)

You incorporate more of your body into your brawling, increasing the
speed and unpredictability of your fighting. Reduce the shot cost of
your martial arts attacks by 1. Additionally, you receive a +2 bonus to
hit any target that does not possess martial arts training.

*Prerequisites:* Fist to Face, 7 Dexterity

  - > Knee to Groin (Coordination)

You have no qualms about your fighting style; you fight to win. On a
martial arts attack that exceeds a target’s defense by at least 4
points, your target spends 2 shots. Additionally, all of your martial
arts attacks bypass 4 points of Armor.

*Prerequisites:* Fist to Face, 8 Dexterity, 6 Smarts

  - > Fortification Stance

Your focus is on defense, and keeping away from harm. To use this
ability, make a Dexterity check at a 2 shot cost. If successful, you
gain 3 points of armor and spend no shots to dodge. As long as this
ability is active, you take a -3 penalty to Dexterity.

*Prerequisites:* Lightning Reflexes, Parry, 8 Dexterity, 6 Health

  - > Duelist’s Footing

You are poised for the counterattack at all times, waiting for the fatal
slip. To use this ability, make a Dexterity check at a 2 shot cost. If
successful, you may attempt to make an attack against any target that
fails to hit you by 5 or more. This attack costs 1 less shot than
normal. As long as this ability is active, you take a -3 penalty to your
Dexterity.

*Prerequisites:* Parry, Dueling, 10 Dexterity

  - > Shield Parry (Skill)

You may choose to parry with your shield, removing the initial shot cost
to attempt the parry but maintaining the shot cost to riposte. Until
your next turn, you lose the armor bonus from your shield.

*Prerequisites:* Parry, Small shield (3 or less armor provided), 6
Health

  - > Dueling

Whenever you make a successful melee attack roll against a target, or
successfully parry an attack from that target, you gain a +1 to hit that
target. This bonus is lost whenever you take damage from that target.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Dexterity

  - > Lightning Reflexes

When you dodge, you gain an additional +2 to defense

  - > Fluid Style

Instead of dodging, you may attempt to make a Dexterity check. If the
result of your check is higher than the attack against you, you take no
damage. This action takes one shot.

*Prerequisites:* Lightning Reflexes, 6 Dexterity

  - > Flowing River Crushing Rock

After dodging an attack, you gain a +1 bonus to attacks against the
person you dodged. This ability may stack, and expires when you fail to
dodge a target’s attacks. This ability also applies to Fluid Style
checks.

*Prerequisites:* Fluid Style, 9 Dexterity

  - > Two Weapon Fighting

You may attack with two weapons simultaneously. Doing so increases the
shot cost of the attack by 1 and allows you to roll two attacks. It also
applies a -2 penalty to the attack.

*Prerequisites:* 6 Dexterity

  - > Flying Windmill Kick

Increase the shot cost of an unarmed attack by 1. If the attack is
successful, make an additional attack against the target at a 0 shot
cost with a -2 penalty. If that attack is successful, make another 0
shot cost attack with a -4 penalty.

*Prerequisites:* 8 Dexterity

  - > Deadening Strike

You strike at a foe’s nerve clusters, numbing them. Increase the shot
cost of an attack by 1 while also taking a -2 penalty to hit. If the
attack is successful, that foe increases the shot cost of all actions
taken for a key frame by 1.

  - > Flexible

We are not able to confirm that you have a spine. You gain a +2 bonus to
Fluid dodge attempts, and you may share a space with an ally of the same
size at no penalty. The ally still maintains the standard -2 to all
rolls.

*Prerequisites:* 9 Dexterity

  - > Creative Entering

You do not conform to societal norms on how buildings should be entered.
You gain a +3 bonus on checks made to pick locks or pierce security
systems. If you take this talent a second time, the bonus applies to
traps as well. If you take this talent a third time, the bonus to both
increases to +5.

*Prerequisites:* 5/7/9

  - > Acrobatics (1/2)

You gain a +2/4 bonus on acrobatic maneuvers (jumping, tumbling,
wall-running, etc). If you take this ability a second time, when
attacked in melee, you may spend 2 shots to relocate to a new space
adjacent to your starting position. Doing so applies a -4 penalty to the
original attack, and prevents any further attacks.

*Prerequisites:* 6/8 Dexterity

  - > Steady Aim

You’ve spent many hours on target practice, and it shows. You increase
the range of your ranged weapons by 25%, rounded to the nearest multiple
of 5, and halve the penalties for extreme range.

*Prerequisites:* 6 Dexterity

  - > Called Shots

Your attack placement is always where it needs to be. You may choose to
target specific parts of the body for bonus effects.

  - > Practiced Swings

When in combat, if you attack the same target more than once, decrease
the shot cost of that attack by 1 per number of times attacked, minimum
1.

*Prerequisites:* 9 Dexterity, Deadeye

  - > Deadeye

Your quick, well-placed attacks inflict more damage than most. You deal
1 additional point of damage for each point you exceed a target’s
defense by.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Dexterity

  - > Not All-together Unprepared (Agility)

Whenever you are successfully attacked by an enemy further up the shot
order than <span class="underline">your original starting place on the
shot order</span>, you may make an attack at a 0 shot cost against a
nearby foe.

*Prerequisites:* less than 8 Dexterity

  - > Horse Combat

A sturdy beast can make all the difference. Allows maneuvers and
superior fighting as a cavalryman. While riding a mount, you have
advantage on melee attack rolls against unmounted foes.

  - > Rapid Recovery

You have learned to handle your mistakes better, lessening the impact
they have on combat. Whenever you fail a check during combat, the shot
cost of that check is reduced by 1. This cannot reduce the shot cost of
the action below 1.

  - > Quickdraw (1/2/3)

You gain a +2/3/4 bonus to initiative rolls. Additionally, you are never
fully caught off guard, and always have your weapon in hand when combat
starts (unless circumstances prevent.)

  - > Stealthy

You are practiced in not getting caught, be it sneaking around,
disguising yourself or your hideout, or hiding things on your person.
Whatever the stealthy act, you get a +3 bonus to it.

  - > Arrow Catching

With a little luck, and a whole lot of skill, you, too, can anger every
archer in a 1 mile radius. When you are attacked at range by a
projectile weapon, you may choose to make a dexterity check at a 1 shot
cost, opposed by the enemy's attack roll. If successful, you catch the
projectile, preventing all damage.

  - > Return Fire

Now that you have angered them, it would be best to get rid of them as
soon as possible. This is made easier by using their own arrows against
them\! When successfully using arrow catching, you may increase the shot
cost by 2 to immediately return fire using the caught projectile. Note
that the ammunition must be at least close to appropriate for your
weapon.

  - > Backstab

Why stab the front? That’s where all the armor is. While undetected,
your attacks deal double damage.

  - > Assassination

While you're backstabbing, might as well do it right. While undetected,
your attacks instantly down their target, and give them 1 failed death
saving throw. Minions are instead instantly killed. This action does not
cause significant noise.

  - > Honorable Duel

Your fighting is rooted in traditional dueling practices; one man vs one
man, locked in combat till death. While engaged in melee against a
single target and both targets are aware of each other, with no one
assisting either you or the target, you receive a +2 bonus to hit and
defense, and parrying no longer costs a shot. (The riposte, or counter
attack, that parry can provide does still require 1 shot.)

  - > Dirty Fighting

You pull every trick you can think of when fighting, from dirty
targeting to flinging actual dirt. You may, as a 4 shot action, attempt
to perform a dirty trick on an enemy. To do so, make an attack roll
against them. If you succeed, the target takes 5 damage, bypassing
\*all\* armor, and loses 3 shots.

  - > Flying Windmill Kick

Increase the shot cost of an attack by 1. If the attack is successful,
make an additional attack against the target at a 0 shot cost with a -2
penalty. If that attack is successful, make another 0 shot cost attack
with a -4 penalty.

  - > Lead The Target

Aim correcting is a lot easier after the fact. Whenever you attack a
target with a ranged weapon and miss, you gain a +1 bonus to hit that
target until you are successful. This bonus can stack.
