Health Talents

  - > Heavy Lifting (Strength)

Increases your maximum carry weight by 1.5x. Taking this talent a second
time increases this to 2x.

  - > Thick Skin (Toughness)

You have acquired enough calluses or scars to act as a semi-effective
barrier against injury. Gain 1/2/3 armor. You may take this talent up to
3 times.

*Prerequisites:* 6/8/10 Health

  - > Hardy (Constitution)

You have a naturally strong immune system. You gain +3 to saves against
diseases. You may take this talent again. If you do, you gain +3 against
poison, as well.

*Prerequisites:* 5/7 Health

  - > Power Attack (Strength)

You swing with all of you might, recklessly throwing your full weight
into the attack. You deal one additional point of damage per point in
excess of your target’s defense. However, enemies gain a +2 bonus to hit
you until your next turn.

*Prerequisites:* 5 Health

  - > Full Control (Strength)

You have significantly better control of yourself, and can throw your
weight around without opening yourself up to harm. You no longer take a
defense penalty when using Power Attack.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Health, 5 Dexterity, Power Attack

  - > Cleave (Strength)

Your swings are powerful enough that they continue to carry weight, even
after a single impact. Make an attack against a target at a 4 shot cost.
If the attack is successful, you may make an attack at one additional
target within range. If you target a minion, you may instead continue
attacking until you miss. You must declare use of this ability before
using it.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Health, Power Attack

  - > Sturdy (Toughness)

You plant yourself firmly wherever you go. You gain a +3 to resist
effects that would force movement. You may take this talent twice. If
you do, you are given a save against movement effects, even if one would
not normally be given.

  - > Adaptable (Constitution)

Your body acclimatizes to natural and unnatural conditions easily. You
gain a +3 bonus to resisting the effects of extreme weather. If you take
this talent again, you also no longer move at half speed in difficult
terrain, such as heavy underbrush or water.

  - > Two-Handed Specialization (Strength)

You have received a great deal of experience or training in the usage of
heftier weapons. When wielding a two-handed weapon and attacking with
Health, you receive a +2 bonus to hit.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Health, Power Attack

  - > Bashing (Strength)

Your mighty swings concuss those you strike, leaving them dazed. On a
Health attack where you exceed the target’s defense by 3 or more, the
target of your attack receives a -2 penalties to all checks on their
next turn. You can only use this talent with a two-handed weapon.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Health, Two-Handed Specialization.

  - > Smashing (Strength)

Every strike tears at the foe, cleaving and denting armor. On a Health
attack where you exceed the target’s defense by 3 or more, the target of
your attack has their armor reduced by 4 until repaired. You can only
use this talent with a two-handed weapon.

*Prerequisites:* 9 Health, Bashing

  - > Shield of Swings (Strength)

Your continuous assault leaves no room for opposition. You may increase
the shot cost of an attack by 1 to impose a -2 penalty on all those
attempting to attack you until your next turn.

*Prerequisites:* 7 Health

  - > Fasting (Toughness)

You practice the ancient tradition of fasting, unlocking the ability to
ignore the normal issues hunger brings. You may ignore the normal
penalties for not eating for up to a week, at which time, the penalties
resume, taking into account how long you have no eaten.

*Prerequisites:* 5 Health, 5 Smarts

  - > Healthy (Toughness)

Power and vigor course through you; your hold on life is strong indeed.
You gain +3 to your maximum HP. You may take this talent up to three
times. If you do, the second time grants you an additional +6, rather
than +3, and the third time grants you +9, rather than +3.

*Prerequisites:* NA/7/9 Health

  - > Relentless (Toughness)

Death has no claim on you. Instead of rolling 3 death saving throws, you
are required to roll 5 before dying. You must fail all to perish.

*Prerequisites:* Healthy, 10 Health

  - > Quick Recovery (Constitution)

Your body recovers quickly, much faster than most others. Instead of
requiring 3 successful death saving throws to recover, you require only
2.

  - > Variable Physiology (Constitution)

Nature has blessed you with anatomy that is abnormal, much to your
benefit in combat. You have a 50% chance to ignore any attack requiring
a strike on a particular body part, with the exception of your limbs.

*Prerequisites:* Must be chosen during character creation, 5 Health, 5
Attunement

  - > Sleepless (Constitution)

Insomnia suits you, whether you like it or not. You may go up to 7 days
without sleep, after which point, you take full penalties, as normal,
with the days you missed being added to the penalty.

  - > Poison Resistant (Constitution)

You have immunity to most basic poisons, either as a natural quirk of
your race or due to built-up tolerances. You are immune to any poison in
a non-distilled form, and gain a +4 bonus against any other nonmagical
poison.

  - > Eat the Pain (Toughness)

You choose to forego defense, choosing instead to punish your attackers.
When attacked in melee, you may choose to forgo your bonus to armor from
your health/armor/shield/ in order to strike back at the opponent. After
their attack is made, you may make an attack of your own at a 1 shot
cost against the attacker.

  - > Flesh Wound (Toughness)

Once per combat, you may reduce the damage dealt by an attack against
you to 1, after armor.

  - > Shield Bash (Strength)

You are an expert at combining defense and offense. As a 4 shot cost,
you may make two attack rolls, one with your primary weapon and one with
your shield. Both attacks must be against the same target. Until your
next turn, you do not gain an armor bonus from your shield.

  - > Shield Master (Strength)

You no longer lose the armor bonus of your shield when
attacking/parrying with it. Additionally, increase the armor bonus of
your shield by +2.

  - > Shield Wall (Strength)

Whenever you are adjacent to a friendly target possessing both a shield
and this talent, the two of you may double the armor bonus from your
shield.

*Prerequisites:* Large shield (more than 4 armor provided).

  - > Bullrush

As a 4 shot action, you may attempt to force a target in a direction of
your choice. Make an opposed Health check. If you succeed, you and the
target are moved in a straight line a number of squares equivalent to
two shots of your movement. If the target impacts against something
before the movement is done, he takes 1d6 damage per 10 ft of remaining
movement, minimum 1d6. Adjustments may be made due to size differences.

  - > All In

You stake everything on a single strike, looking to end a conflict
quickly. Make an attack at a 5 shot cost. This cost cannot be reduced
through any source but magic. Double the damage you would deal with this
strike. Until your next turn,

  - > Oversized Weaponry

Size matters, especially in combat. For every point of Health beyond 8,
your weapon gains an additional +1 to damage, reflecting your ability to
wield it’s increased heft. However, your weapons must match; for every
point beyond 8, the price of a weapon able to be combined with this feat
increases by 5%.

*Prerequisites:* 9 Health

  - > Physical Presence

It’s hard to argue with a mountain of muscle. When attempting to
intimidate others, you may add half of your Health, rounded up, to the
Smarts check.

  - > Berserker Trance

When in combat, if you attack the same target more than once, decrease
the shot cost of that attack by 1 per number of times hit by you,
minimum 1. Taking any action other than attacking that target will cause
the bonus to disappear

  - > Disease Resistant

You have a potent immune system, either through training or genetics.
You are immune to simple diseases, cannot get sick from eating raw food
or carrion, and gain a +2 bonus to resist complex or magical diseases.

  - > Elemental Resistance (1/2/3/4/5)

Your body is adapted to live in an unusually hostile environment, with
all of the benefits this brings. Choose a particular elemental energy;
you gain 10/25/50/75/100% resistance to that energy type. If this bonus
goes beyond 25%, you must also choose an opposing energy type, which you
gain a 10/25/50% vulnerability to. As long as you are at all resistant
to a certain energy type, you are entirely immune to basic environmental
hazards of that type (basic fires, cold temperatures, etc.) This may not
apply to magical sources.

*Prerequisites:* chosen at character creation OR 3 magical talents of
the appropriate element.
