Smarts Talents

  - > Diplomatic (Charisma)

You have a way with words that often saves you. You gain a +2 bonus to
smarts checks to convince others to take actions you specify. You may
take this talent again. If you do, you are able to make a smarts save in
reaction to an ally causing hostility in another to prevent that
hostility. This save is made at a -3 penalty. You may make this save in
relation to the same target no more than once every 24 hours.

*Prerequisites:* 6 smarts

  - > Bartering

You have developed great mercantile skill, and are better able to handle
shopkeepers. You sell items for 60/70/80/90%, and you can negotiate a
15/20/25/30% discount.

*Prerequisites:* 5/6/8/10 Smarts.

  - > Expose Weakness

Your eyes miss no fault; their mistakes will be their downfall. Whenever
an enemy fails a check, you may take 1 shot to make a smarts check,
boosted by any talents affecting relevant observational skills. If you
succeed, you and your allies gain +2 to all offensive checks against
that target until it’s next turn.

  - > Animal Friend

You are a friend to all animals, and they to you. You may make a smarts
check to attempt to shift an animal’s attitude away from being hostile
OR towards being friendly. This is an opposed check, and does not work
on sentient or magical beasts. If you take this talent again, it affects
magical beasts, and you may shift normal beasts from hostile to friendly
if you exceed the check by at least 4 points.

*Prerequisites:* 6/8 Smarts.

  - > Leader

You inspire those around you to achieve their best – and beyond.
Activating this ability costs two shots; for the duration, allies
receive +1 to all rolls as long as you are conscious. You may sustain
this indefinitely, but you increase the shot cost of all other actions
by 1 as long as it is active. Allies must be able to see AND hear you to
gain the benefits of this ability. You may dismiss this at any time.

*Prerequisites:* 8 Smarts.

  - > Blind Luck

Once per day, you may choose to invert your flex dice, with the bonus
becoming the penalty and the penalty becoming the bonus.

  - > Reinforce

When an ally misses an attack, spend 2 shots as an interrupt. That ally
may make another attack, with all of the same penalties and bonuses.

*Prerequisites:* 8 Smarts

  - > Champion of the Downtrodden (Charisma)

If one of your allies is currently at or below half health, gain a +2
bonus to hit and increase the amount you can heal, either from mundane
or magical sources, by 5. You may take this talent again. If you do,
whenever a foe causes an ally to go down, you may, as a 0 shot cost,
move and attack that foe.

  - > Speedcrafting (1/2/3)

You craft 2/4/6x faster.

  - > Artisan

You craft 2x faster, gain +3 to all crafting checks, and sell your goods
for 10% more.

  - > Engineer

You gain a +2 bonus to all checks involving knowledge of architecture,
complicated machinery, and traps.

  - > Mentor

You lend your aid to others, assisting them in their growth. If you have
a higher bonus or stat than another person for a given roll, you may
give them a +2 to that roll.

  - > Experienced

Your broad range of experience grants you unique insight into most
situations. 3 times per day, you may add +2 to any given roll if it
falls within the purview of your past experience.

  - > Challenge

As a 3 shot cost, designate a foe within visual range. Any time that foe
targets someone other than you with an attack or spell, you may make an
attack against them as an interrupt at a 1 shot cost. You must be in
range to make the attack.

  - > Master Poisoner

You craft poisons in half the time, and anyone attempting to resist them
takes a –4 penalty.

  - > Eyes in the Back of Your Head

You gain a +4 bonus to notice targets attempting to sneak in your
vicinity.

  - > Power Ballad

As a 2 shot action, you may begin singing or playing an instrument. All
allies within earshot gain a +1 to all checks, with an additional +1 on
any successful roll. You may maintain this effect indefinitely at a 0
shot cost beyond the first turn, but any successful attacks against you
or other actions you take prompt a smarts check. You may only be
performing one song at a time.

  - > Dirge for the Dying

As a 2 shot action, you may begin singing or playing an instrument. All
enemies within earshot get a -1 to all checks, with an additional -1 on
any successful roll. You may maintain this effect indefinitely at a 0
shot cost beyond the first turn, but any successful attacks against you
or other actions you take prompt a smarts check. You may only be
performing one song at a time.

  - > Lyrics of the Lucky

As a 2 shot action, you may begin singing or playing an instrument. All
allies within earshot may reroll 1 die from any single roll per turn.
You may maintain this effect indefinitely at a 0 shot cost beyond the
first turn, but any successful attacks against you or other actions you
take prompt a smarts check. You may only be performing one song at a
time.

  - > Allarming Allegro

As a 2 shot action, you may begin singing or playing an instrument. All
enemies within earshot must make an opposed Smarts check, or be forced
to spend 3 shots running in fear from your location on the most
direct/safe route possible. This is an activated effect and cannot be
maintained.

  - > Harmonious Haste

As a 2 shot action, you may begin singing or playing an instrument. All
allies within earshot reduce the shot cost of all actions by 1. You may
maintain this effect indefinitely at a 0 shot cost beyond the first
turn, but any successful attacks against you or other actions you take
prompt a smarts check. You may only be performing one song at a time.

  - > Power Chord

As a 2 shot action while maintaining a song, you may let loose a power
chord, damaging and potentially stunning those in range. Make a smarts
check. Those within 5 feet take 7 damage and lose 3 shots. Those within
10-15 feet take 6 damage. Those within 20-30 feet take 3 damage. This
ability may also hit allies.

  - > Whirling Dervish

While maintaining a song, your attacks cost only 2 shots, and do not
provoke smarts checks.

*Prerequisites:* 5 Dexterity, 8 Smarts

  - > Lyrical Mastery

You are now able to maintain up to two songs at once. They trigger only
one reactive smarts check.

*Prerequisites:* 10 Smarts

  - > Unnatural Perception

Your sight shifts beyond simply what can be seen, a trait granted to you
by your unwholesome nature. You gain +3 to any check requiring
perception, and blind sight out to 10 ft.

> *Prerequisites:* Monstrous nature, 7 Smarts

  - > Improved Observation

Your skill in perception has improved, and it shows. You gain a +2 to
observation, and can see twice as far in the darkness.

  - > Organized

Everything in its place, and nothing will be forgotten. You do not lose
items, and retrieving things from your belongings no longer takes time
during combat. This lowers the shot cost of drinking potions by 1, and
otherwise nullifies the costs of any retrieval action.

  - > Respected

Your reliability is known well to those who know of you. This talent
does not give specific statistical benefits; instead, it modifies how
others, notably friendly NPCs, interact with you in a positive way. It
is possible to lose this talent if your behavior or actions should
contradict the reputation you have garnished.

  - > Nasty Trick

You pull every trick you can think of when fighting, from dirty
targeting to flinging actual dirt. You may, as a 3 shot action, attempt
to perform a nasty trick on an enemy. To do so, make an attack roll
against them. If you succeed, the target takes 5 damage, bypassing
armor, and loses 2 shots.

*Prerequisites:* 6 Smarts

  - > Second Thoughts

You have an extra helping of common sense, and it tends to save your
life. Upon taking this talent, you gain the ability to make a Smarts
saving throw to avoid making possibly life-threatening mistakes.

  - > Naturalist

You are at home in nature. You gain a +2 bonus to checks involving the
wolds of nature, such as foraging, tracking, and overland navigation.
You may take this talent again to increase the bonus to +4.

  - > Well-Connected

You have friends in many places, be they high or low. Specify a group of
people; that group is willing to do as much as they reasonably can to
assist you. If you ever betray a member of that group, and it becomes
known, you lose this talent until the situation is resolved.

  - > Self-Reliant

It’s ok; you work better on your own. Whenever you have no allies within
sight or earshot, you gain a +1 to all rolls. This bonus is increased by
1 for any roll you already have a talent-based bonus on.

  - > Ventriloquism

You could probably go professional by this point, but it’s a pretty
vicious circuit. You gain a +4 bonus to attempts to throw your voice.
Should the voice in question be one you have firmly established, you
gain +6, instead.

  - > Pack Mentality

Your place is among your friends; as long as you are with them, you will
always prevail. As long as you have a friendly target in melee range,
you gain a +1 to all rolls. This bonus increases for each additional
friendly target in melee with you.

  - > Brain Drain

On a successful magical attack against a target, you gain +1 to
attunement checks for a key frame and the target loses -1 to attunement
checks. This bonus fades whenever the target succeeds on an attunement
check or you fail on an attunement check

  - > Reinforce

When an ally misses an attack, spend 2 shots as an interrupt. That ally
may make another attack, with all of the same penalties and bonuses.

  - > Know Thy Enemy

To defeat an enemy, first, you must know them. You may make a Smarts
check to identify an enemy as a 1 shot action. Doing so makes you aware
of their stats and any exceptional talents or abilities they may
possess.
