  - > Handy

You are considered to have any basic tool on hand for a job, as long as
it is not mechanically complicated. Tools last for 1 minute after
creation. You may use this ability with no check once per day, after
which you must succeed at an Attunement check to have the tool or tools
in question.

*Prerequisites:* Attunement 40, at least one talent from the Skilled
section

  - > Arbiter of War

Summon a spirit of war to punish foes who fail to meet its standards.
Whenever a foe misses an attack, the arbiter makes an attack against
them (Health 60, 2d6 per success). If the enemy force land 5 consecutive
successful blows, the arbiter disappears, attacking you as it leaves for
wasting itâ€™s time. Otherwise, it lasts until end of combat.

  - > Mending

\[Full repair of a non-magical item, limited by size. Size limit
alleviated by successes.\]

  - > Ropes and Snares

This spell binds the first person to move through a 10-foot diameter
square specified by the caster. This spell is considered a trap. This
spell lasts until discharged. To break free from the binding, one must
make a health or dexterity check that exceeds the original attunement
check made by the caster. Ane may also directly attack the bindings
holding themselves in place, albeit at half damage. Those attacking the
bindings that are not bound attack at full damage. Bindings possess 10
HP and 10 armor.

  - > Alarms and Wards

This spell covers a large area (500 /success) with invisible warding. If
this area is entered and a specified password is not spoken within 5
seconds, the wards are activated and an alarm (type chosen by the
caster) sounds. Alarm lasts for 10 minutes. While the alarm is active,
1D4 creatures the Caster is capable of summoning / creating are summoned
every round. These creatures disappear when the spell ends. The caster
may specify what creatures are summoned when this spell is cast.
