  - > Basic Death Magic: Necrosis

A spell that rots the flesh of the living, bringing a slow, painful
death. To use this ability, make an attunement check at a 3 shot cost.
If successful, your target takes 8 damage bypassing armor (but not
bypassing toughness) and a -1 penalty to Health and Dexterity until they
are healed. This penalty takes HP from the maximum, and does not, in
effect, deal bonus damage. This penalty can stack.

  - > Brainrot

The mind is a fragile thing, and so easily damaged. Even a small amount
of decay leads to a lifetime of loss. You may choose to apply the stat
penalty associated with Necrosis to Smarts

and Attunement instead.

  - > Life Tap

Vitality is a resource to be controlled, and taken by those who can. To
use this ability, make an attunement check at a 3 shot cost, DC 6. If
successful, a target of your choice takes 9 damage, and you regain the
damage dealt as HP. If the regained health would exceed your maximum
health, it instead becomes temporary HP, up to 1/2 your maximum. This
temporary HP expires entirely upon the keyframe you first gained temp
HP.

*Prerequisites: Basic Life Proficiency*

  - > Thirsting Blade

Your strikes steal the life essence of your opponents, allowing you to
sustain yourself on their suffering. To use this ability, make an
attunement check at a 2 shot cost. For 1 key frame, every attack you
make deals an additional 1d6 damage, and heals for half your total roll
(bonus damage is not included.)

*Prerequisites: Life Tap*

  - > Necrophage

The decay of the flesh accelerates, rotting away the muscle and sinew.
Increase the stat penalty of Necrosis to -2. Additionally, whenever
someone attempts to heal a target affected by Necrosis, to remove the
stat penalty, they must succeed in an opposed casting check vs you.

  - > Create Undead

Death is not the end. For some, it is only the ghastly beginning. You
are able to create undead from the corpses of the slain in a ritual
taking 1 hour. Before the ritual begins, an attunement check is made. If
the check is not successful, it may be made again 15 minutes later. Once
the ritual is complete, the target rises up, completely subservient to
you. They possess the same stat block they had in life, though with a -4
penalty to all stats. For each success beyond basic, lessen this penalty
by 3. They possess any racial talents they once did, as well as any
boons granted by their physiology, such as natural attacks, but lose all
other talents. They may select new talents according to their Smarts
score. During creation, you may choose to make the undead non-sentient;
if you do, itâ€™s smarts score is fixed at 10, and cannot be increased. It
gets 2 talents in place of what it would have gotten from Smarts, and
they may not be spent on Smarts talents. Non-sentient undead take 1/4th
the time to create. If the master of an undead being dies, it gains free
will, if it is sentient. If it is not, it dies. Non-sentient undead do
not gain a background, though sentient undead may gain one with time.

  - > Disrupt Undead

\[CC and damage for undead creatures.\]

  - > Fatigue

Life force is a fragile thing, easily stripped away from those who do
not guard it. To use this ability, make an attunement check. If
successful, the target of your choice has the shot cost of any physical
actions they take increased by 1. Additionally, all Smarts and
Attunement checks made by the target are made at disadvantage. If you
take this talent a second time, the shot cost penalty increases by 1.
Additionally, the target automatically fails any concentration checks.

  - > Parasitic Link

You establish a bond with any number of friendly targets, gaining the
ability to transfer life essence

  - > Hunger
