  - > Basic Divination: Glimpse (Concentration)

The past, the present, and the future, laid out before you in the most
enigmatic way possible. To cast this spell, touch something and make an
attunement check, DC 6. If successful, you gain insight into the touched
object, either it’s past, present, our future. This will likely pertain
to the owner of the object, and will more closely focus on memories or
emotions tied to that particular object. The insight gained is likely
cryptic to an extreme, either a flash of thoughts, impressions, and
emotions, corrupted images with false aspects, or even riddles. However,
if correctly deciphered, the information gained is ALWAYS correct.

  - > Detect Magic (Concentration)

You are able to read the magical auras of creatures and items, as well
as sense concentrations of magical energy. To cast this spell, make an
attunement check at a 2 shot cost. You may maintain this effect
indefinitely once activated, although at a -5 attunement penalty. While
it is active, you are able to “see” the magical aura of whatever you
look at, reading something’s magical strength at a glance. If you
concentrate on a particular item or creature, you are able to read what
specific schools it’s magic would fall into.

  - > Foresight

You are able to sense a few moments into the future, allowing you to
make a more informed decision. This sense is hazy, providing feelings
rather than visions, and does not reveal proper information. To cast
this spell, make an attunement check at a 2 shot cost. You may maintain
this effect indefinitely once activated, although at a -5 attunement
penalty. While it is active, you will be warned of any action that will
cause you to be put in danger within the next 30 seconds. It is possible
to fool this spell.
