  - > Basic Elemental: Elemental Blast

You blast a target with elemental energy (Of a specific element, chosen
when this talent is taken.) To cast this spell, make an Attunement
attack, base DC 3, at a 3-shot cost. If successful, the target takes 9
damage of the chosen element, bypassing armor (but not toughness).

  - > Catching (Fire)

Your fire abilities gain increased potency, allowing them to instantly
ignite those they strike. Whenever you successfully attack a target with
a fire blast, that target catches fire, dealing 5 damage, bypassing
armor AND toughness, at the start of your turn. They may choose to spend
1 shot to end this effect on their turn. Creatures with resistance to
fire do not catch fire.

  - > Incineration (Fire) (½)

Your fire abilities turn your foes to char and ash in seconds, leaving
nothing but blackened bones behind. Your fire attacks deal additional
damage equal to plus 1 point per excess. If you take this talent a
second time, your fire abilities become much harder to heal, causing the
target to receive only half the benefit the next time it would be
healed.

  - > Affect Temperature (Fire, Water)

You are able to raise or lower the temperature of different items,
sometimes lethally. When this talent is taken, you must choose either
the Fire or Water variant. You may retake this talent to choose the
alternative. This talent allows you to make an attunement check, DC 8,
at a 3-shot cost to significantly raise or lower the temperature of an
object, causing those in contact with the object to take 6 damage,
bypassing armor and toughness, each shot they are in contact with it.
The first time a creature takes damage this way, if capable, they may
make a Dexterity check to drop the object. If they fail, they must
continue holding the object until their turn. If the item cannot be
dropped or removed, they continue taking the damage for 1 key frame.
Some items cannot withstand significant temperature changes, and may
instead be destroyed. You may not change the temperature of something
enough that it would change its state of matter, with the exception
being freezing liquids and igniting objects.

  - > Faerie Fire (Fire)

Your fire attacks are laced with illusionary magic, causing your foes to
be highlighted in bright, glowing lights. Whenever you successfully
strike a target with a fire spell, all those who would attack that
target receive a +2 to hit. Additionally, any attack rolls against it
with an explosion on the positive flex die are considered positive
critical hits. This effect lasts for a keyframe, and is refreshed each
time a new instance could be applied.

  - > Explosive (Fire)

Fiery explosions herald your arrival, made easier by the natural synergy
between fire and area of effect metamagic. The penalty for the
Metamagic: Area talent is decreased by 1 point per step.

  - > Purifying Flame (Fire)

Evil things that crawl in the night have no love of the flame, and with
your specialized training, their hatred is realized. You deal 1
additional point of damage per excess when rolling to hit undead,
lycanthropes, and hags.

  - > Elemental Infusion

You weave energy around your weapon, bringing elemental wrath to your
foes firsthand. To cast this spell, make an attunement check at a 2-shot
cost, DC 6. If successful, a weapon of your choice within 10 ft deals an
additional 5 damage on every successful attack. This ability does not
scale with exceeding the DC. If you apply this to a projectile weapon,
the projectiles are enchanted as they leave the weapon. This ability
lasts for 1 keyframe.

  - > Protection From the Elements (1/2/3) (All)

You bear the power to defy the elements; not a small feat. The first
time this talent is taken, you gain the ability to protect yourself and
others from extreme conditions, such as heat, cold, and harsh weather.
To use this ability, make an attunement check. If successful, you
radiate a circle of calm, gentle weather, with a radius of 20 ft. This
effect lasts until dispelled; while active, you take a -2 penalty to
Attunement. This protection does not prevent the malicious effects of
magic, merely natural sources. The second time this talent is taken, you
increase the protective nature of the circle by weaving in your talents
with a particular element. When the second level of this talent is
taken, you may choose an element you have skill in manipulating (at
least 4 talents within it’s category.). While the circle is active, all
allies within gain one increment of resistance against that element.
When this talent is taken a third time, the environmental protection can
be strengthened, making the circle of calm a true sanctuary. Doing this
increases the attunement penalty to -5. All within are protected from
even the most extreme of environmental hazards (active magma flow,
drowning, death by falling, rock slides, etc). Additionally, any source
of elemental magic coming from outside the circle prompts an opposed
caster check between the creator of the circle and the source of
elemental magic. IF the owner of the circle is victorious, the effect is
dissipated entirely.

  - > Spark of Civilization (Fire/Air)

Civilization is built on sources of energy; manpower, fire, electricity,
magic. You have learned the secret to renewing limited energy sources, a
gift to be shared with all. Three times per day, you may choose to use
an ability with limited uses that you have exhausted. This includes
abilities granted by items. You may instead choose to exhaust this
ability for the day to grant another person one use of a limited-use
ability of their choice.

  - > Propulsion (Fire)

You are able to blast yourself forward, propelled by jets of fire. To
activate this ability, make an attunement check, DC 6, at a 2-shot cost.
If successful, you are able to fly, though admittedly with some
difficulty (-2 penalty to flight checks). While this ability is active,
you gain a -2 penalty to attunement, and you are unable to use other
fire magic talents.

  - > Thunderstorm (Air)

A storm of your own creation is called into being, furious in it’s
destruction. To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 10, at a
5-shot cost. If successful, a target of your choice is blasted with
lightning at the start of your turn every turn for 1 keyframe. This
deals damage equal to your elemental blast spell, and can gain any
additional applicable effects. You must still make the attack rolls to
ensure the target is hit. While this spell is active, you take a -3
penalty to Attunement.

*Prerequisites: Metamagic; Area, Basic Nature Magic: Tongues, Weather
Change*

  - > Windy Recall (Air)

Summon the objects of your desires with a concentrated blast of air. To
cast this spell, make an attunement check, DC 6. If successful, an item
within visual range is quickly brought to you in a straight line by a
gust of air. If the object is larger than something you could easily
pick up and carry, the DC is increased at the DM’s discretion. If the
item is attended, it is a roll opposed by whoever is attending it (Dex).

*Prerequisites:* Mage Hand

  - > Sandstorm (Earth/Air)

Kick up a large sandstorm, damaging and blinding those within the area.
To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 9, at a 4-shot cost.
If successful, you obscure an area of the battlefield in a cloud of
sand, moving at dangerous speeds. Those within can see only 5 ft in
front of them, and gain disadvantage attacking anyone further away. The
converse is also true; those outside the cloud attempting to attack
someone within gain disadvantage. Those within the cloud take 5 damage
on the caster’s turn, bypassing armor and toughness, and are unable to
maintain concentration. The caster suffers none of the ill effects of
this spell.

*Prerequisites: Metamagic; Area, Basic Air/Earth magic, Weather Change*

  - > Flight (Air)

One of the most coveted spells a mage can learn; the power of
spontaneous, effortless flight. To cast this spell, make an attunement
check, DC 8, at a 2-shot cost. If successful, you gain the ability to
fly at roughly twice the speed you can run. This effect lasts until
dispelled; while active, you gain a -1 penalty to Attunement.

  - > Stone Armor (Earth)

A favorite among geomancers, this spell encases the user in a layer of
earth and stone, providing extra defense and weight while hampering
movement. To cast this spell, make an attunement check, DC 5, at a
2-shot cost. If successful, you gain 15 temporary HP, and your melee
attacks deal an additional +3 physical damage from the added weight.
However, while this spell is active, you take a -2 penalty to Dexterity,
due to the difficulties that weight creates for movement. You may choose
to cast this spell again; doing so refreshes the temporary HP, but does
not increase it. You may also choose to violently dispel this effect,
exploding the stone from your form and raining shrapnel on all those
within melee range. Upon doing so, make an Attunement attack against
every target in melee range. Those hit take damage as if struck by your
Earth Blast. This spell lasts until dispelled; while active, you take a
-2 penalty to Attunement.

  - > Shrapnel (Earth)

Exploding rocks can be dangerous; chunks and splinters can shred meat
just as easily as boulders can crush it. You may choose to intentionally
create a fault within your Earth Blasts, causing them to shatter into
sharpened fragments on impact. This decreases the damage to the primary
target by 2, but causes it to also deal 5 damage to every creature in
melee range of your target. Fragments also apply bonus effects from
Earth Blast talents, and are subject to excess damage.

  - > Concussing (Earth)

High velocity impacts to the head are not recommended if mental
coherence is required. Your Earth Blasts now concuss the target, causing
any target hit to take a -1 penalty to all rolls. This penalty does not
stack, and lasts for a keyframe. Creatures without a brain or central
nervous system are immune to this effect.

  - > Shocking (Air)

When lightning courses through one’s body, control is lost, and the
musculature begins to convulse on it’s own. Whenever a target is struck
by your Lightning Blast, they lose 1 shot, and are forced to make an
Attunement/Smarts check (DC equal to the original DC for an effect) at a
-3 penalty to maintain their active concentration talents (concentration
talents are those that persist until dispelled and impose a penalty
while active.)

  - > Chilling (Water)

Cold bites through to the bone, but no chill hurts quite like a magical
one. Your Water Blasts now chill your target, causing it’s next action
to cost 1 additional shot. Additionally, if a target is hit by your
water blast 3 times, they are instead encased, becoming unable to move
or act until freed. The ice encasing them has a defense of 3, and an HP
of 5. The target frozen may also attack it, but does so using unarmed
damage. Fire effects instantly dispel the encasing ice, and also remove
the chilling debuff.

  - > Cryosleep (Water)

The body shuts down, preserved in a state of extreme cold against
further harm. To cast this spell, make an Attunement check, DC 9, at a
4-shot cost. If successful, a willing target within melee range is
perfectly preserved in its present state, barring outside influence.
This effect lasts until dispelled, but does not impose a penalty.
Instead, regular maintenance of the spell is required, with a repeat
casting required at least once a week.

  - > Waterwalking (Water)

Swimming is for those without the talent to overcome the water itself.
You may choose to walk across water as if it was a solid surface.

  - > Earthmeld (Earth)

The earth itself welcomes you into its arms, as a mother to a child. To
cast this spell, make an Attunement check, DC 10, at a 3 shot cost. If
successful, you are now able to move through the earth as if it were not
there, phasing through it effortlessly at your standard speed. This
effect lasts until dispelled; while active, you take a -4 penalty to
Attunement.
