  - > Basic Enchantment: Friends

Magical persuasion is your substitute for natural charisma. Upon
activation, all those who fail a smarts check when interacting with you
treat you as their friend. This effect lasts for 10 minutes, and those
affected maintain their friendly perception of you for the duration.
Once the effect expires, those involved are aware that they have been
affected. Those that succeed on the smarts check are also aware. This
does not work on hostile targets.

  - > Daze

The minds of your enemies reel at your presence, unable to comprehend
even the simplest thoughts. To cast this spell, make an attunement check
at a 2 shot cost. If successful, a target within 50ft loses 2 shots.

  - > False Memory

Deceive your foes, suggesting false realities to replace the true ones.
This spell takes 3 minutes to cast. Upon completion, the spell gives a
new set of memories to a target of your choice within 15 ft (if they
fail a smarts check opposed to your attunement check (unconscious
targets do not receive a save)). The further from reality the
replacement memories are, the larger a bonus the target receives to his
saves. These memories last until challenged by outside sources.

  - > Foundation: Enchantment

This talent allows one to enchant items in their possession, increasing
their power beyond the mundane limits given to them. Anyone in
possession of this talent may either enchant items themselves or assist
others in the enchantment of items in their possession. Enchantment time
is calculated by normal crafting time x10, and can only be done in 8
hour increments, due to the intense strain this puts on the crafter.

  - > Scribe Scroll

This talent allows one to create scrolls, binding their successful
spells to vellum paper to be used at a later date. If a person
possessing this talent assists another in the creation of a scroll, they
may create scrolls they do not have the spells for. However, the person
that knows the spell must make the roll determining the potency of the
scroll.

*Prerequisites: Foundation; Enchantment*

  - > Enchant Projectile

With this talent, one is able to enchant projectiles in their
possession, allowing them to deliver spells they know at range using a
ranged weapon. Enchanted projectiles cost 75 GP per prerequisite spell
required to enchant the arrow. Enchanted arrows may be given to others
and still function as normal. Anyone in possession of this talent may
use it to assist another in enchanting arrows with spells they do not
know. The craft check for doing so receives a -20 penalty.

*Prerequisites: Foundation; Enchantment*

  - > Foundation: Craft Construct

This talent sets the groundwork for the future construction of a large
variety of automatons, while also allowing you to create a number of
basic constructs. Construct creation is an intense and expensive
prospect, but is ultimately without detailed form, as the project
undertaken defines the parameters it operates under. However, it is a
universal principle that constructs require a core of some kind, a
singular part that contains the magical essence saturating the material
of the construct. What that item is varies from construct to construct,
even for constructs that are virtually identical. However, these items
are usually very good magical conductors, allowing easy flow of magical
energy throughout the construct. In all other ways, crafting constructs
functions as normal enchanting.

*Prerequisites: Foundation; Enchantment*

  - > Freedom of Movement

You create an impermeable barrier around yourself, preventing any effect
that would hinder your movement. To use this ability, make an attunement
check at a 2 shot cost. If successful, as long as you concentrate, you
become resistant to any effect that would hinder your free movement,
such as slows, shot penalties, or stuns. This does not apply to effects
that alter your state of mind. Any applicable effect that would affect
you becomes an opposed check (with you making an attunement check to
counter the original check they make to activate the ability).

  -
