  - > Basic Force Magic: Mage Hand

A spell of infinite uses, mage hand allows the caster to manipulate
objects from a safe distance, within limits. To use this ability, make
an attunement check, DC 4, at a 1-shot cost. If successful, the caster
is able to manipulate objects at a range of up to 100 ft as if using
their own hands and an approximation of their own strength. This spell
lasts until dispelled; you take a -2 penalty to Attunement as long as it
is active.

  - > Kinetic Blast

You project a blast of kinetic energy at your target, dealing massive
damage. To activate this ability, make an attunement attack at a 3 shot
cost, base DC 4. If successful, you deal 13 damage that \*only bypasses
½ armor\*.

  - > Crippling Force

You may target specific bodyparts with your kinetic blast, damaging or
destroying them. For the purposes of this talent, each bodypart has its
own HP total, dependent on what bodypart it is; each limb has 15% of the
target’s total HP with a -2 penalty, while the torso has 30% with a -1
penalty, and the head has 10% with a -3 penalty. Damage done to
individual bodyparts is still done to the target. Dealing the entirety
of a bodypart’s HP causes that bodypart to cease functioning correctly;
damage to the limbs makes them unusable, damage to the head causes
serious concussion (causing them to lose 5 shots), and damage to the
torso forces a Health check against serious organ failure. Failure on
this health check forces a second health check at the end of the shot
order; if the victim fails, they are instantly downed, with 1 failed
death check.

  - > Force Shield

You create a shield of outgoing kinetic energy around yourself, allowing
you to repel attacks made against you. To activate this ability, make an
attunement check, DC 8, at a 2-shot cost. If it’s successful, you gain
25 temporary HP. (Temporary HP is depleted before normal HP.) You may
recast this spell at any time to refresh the shield’s HP total. As long
as you maintain this spell, you take a -3 maintenance penalty to
Attunement. This spell lasts for 1 keyframe.

*Potential:* This spell can be manipulated with Metamagic:
Area/Persistent to instead create a wall of force, also with 25 HP.

  - > Heighten Impact

With a little extra push, any blow can take on surprisingly lethal
force. To cast this spell, make an Attunement check, DC 6, at a 2-shot
cost. If successful, your attacks, both ranged and melee, deal an
additional 7 points of physical damage. This spell lasts until
dispelled; you take a -3 penalty to Attunement as long as it is active.

  -
