  - > Basic Illusion Magic: False Image (1/2/3/4/5)

The most basic form of illusion magic, a False Image is the rudimentary
spell that defines illusion magic as a whole. It is as simple as
creating an image of something that simply does not exist. To use this
ability, make an attunement check, DC 5, at a 2 shot cost. If
successful, you create an image of any description, though an unmoving
one. This image lasts as long as you maintain it, albeit at a sustained
-2 penalty to attunement. This image is not real in any way, and any
interaction with it will reveal it to be a farce. The second time this
talent is taken, it no longer requires movement or speech on the part of
the caster, allowing the casting of the spell to be hidden. The third
time this talent is taken, the image becomes solid, providing a level of
resistance appropriate to whatever it is. The fourth time this talent is
taken, you gain the ability to manipulate the image at will. It moves to
your specification, and does as you say. This mental command has a range
of 50 ft; if the image moves outside of this range, it becomes static
until you re-enter that range. The fifth time this talent is taken, the
image finally interacts with all of the senses; it is capable of making
noise (including speech), it bears a scent of your specification, it
gains a temperature appropriate to itâ€™s circumstances, etc. For all
intents and purposes, it becomes a perfect recreation.

  - > Disguise Self

  - > False Blade

An illusory appendage replaces your own, striking without true
connection to you; your blade finds its home without the distraction of
an opposing force. To use this ability, make an attunement check. If
successful, you create an illusion of your arm and weapon, while
rendering your actual arm and weapon invisible. While this ability is
active, your enemies are denied their dexterity bonus to armor, and may
not parry. Additionally, you gain a +10 bonus to attack rolls. While
this ability is active, you take a -10 penalty to attunement.

  - > Terrible Imagery

\[Either create an illusion bound to a person that causes those that see
him to be terrified, or create a fixed illusion that causes terror.\]

  - > Message

\[Pass messages, with more distance per success. Can pass messages up to
extreme ranges with higher successes\]

  - > Arcane Mark

\[Create an illusory mark of your specification that only appears to
people you specify\]

  - > Harmless

\[As long as the ability persists, targets will not intentionally target
the player unless he takes aggressive action\]

  - > Invisibility

You remove yourself from view

  - > Mirror Image

\[One image for passing DC, +1 image for exceeding dc for every 3
points\]
