  - > Basic Life Magic: Heal

To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 4, at a 3 shot cost.
If successful, the target regains 10 HP. For every point you exceed the
DC, the target regains 1 additional HP.

  - > Recuperate

To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 6, at a 2 shot cost.
If successful, you may choose to create a bond with any number of
creatures within sight. On your turn, those creatures regain 5 HP. As
long as this ability is active, you take a -1 penalty to attunement per
bonded creature.

  - > Rapid Onset

To use this ability, make an attunement check, opposed by a Health save
from the target, at a 3 shot cost. If successful, the target immediately
becomes diseased, causing them to take a -3 penalty to Health and
Dexterity for a key frame. Additionally, if you exceed the opposed roll
by 4 or more points, the target must make an additional opposed roll
(your attunement vs itâ€™s health) on each of its turns or spend two shots
due to a loss of lunch.

  - > Reciprocal Beacon

To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 8, at a 2 shot cost.
If successful, a target of your choice is marked, and will gain the
beneficial effects of your life magic spells regardless of who you
target. This ability requires them to stay within sight of you to gain
the benefits.

  - > Biomanipulate

To use this ability, make an attunement check, DC 9, at a 2 shot cost.
If successful, a target of your choice has their muscles, organs, or
joints forcefully rearranged, causing them damage if they should try to
move. Any action on their part requiring more than 1 shot causes them 7
damage, bypassing armor. This ability lasts for 1 key frame.
