  - > Basic Light magic: Orb of Light

One of the most basic beginner spells, difficult to mess up but
impossibly useful all the same. To cast this spell, make an Attunement
check, DC 3. If successful, you create a small, floating orb that emits
light out to a 40 ft radius. You control the positioning of this orb,
though it must remain within 10 ft of you. You may choose to end this
effect at any time. This effect lasts as long as you concentrate.
Concentrating on maintaining the spell imposes a -1 penalty to your
Attunement for the duration.

  - > Flare

A sudden blinding flash disorients your enemies, leaving them dazed and
confused. To use this ability, make a DC 7 Attunement check at a 3 shot
cost. If successful, all those able to see you are blinded, causing them
to take a -3 penalty to most Health and Dexterity checks for 1 key
frame. You may choose to warn allies ahead of time, preventing them from
suffering the deleterious effects of the spell, but also granting
enemies a Dexterity check to avoid being blinded. The DC is equal to
your attunement roll.

  - > Laser

Itâ€™s a laser. Make an attunement check, DC 8, as a 4 shot cost. If
successful, you emit a beam of pure, concentrated light for as long as
you concentrate. Concentrating on maintaining the spell imposes a -3
penalty to attunement for the duration. When this spell is first cast,
you designate a target. For as long as you maintain that target, it
takes 2 fire damage per shot. You may designate a new target as a 2 shot
cost on your turn. Targets in cover take no damage.

  - > Blade of Light

Pure, concentrated light, compressed into a thin edge. To cast this
spell, make an Attunement check, DC 8, at a 2 shot cost. If successful,
you create a blade of pure light in your hand. It bypasses any bonuses
and stats provided by armor, can be used with either Health or
Dexterity, is one handed, and deals 8 damage. The weapon lasts for a key
frame. You may spend an additional shot and increase the DC by 2 during
casting to instead create two weapons.

  -
