  - > Basic Nature Magic: Tongues

You have been taught to tap into the universal language within nature,
allowing you to communicate with the simpler life forms that speak it.
This allows you to communicate back and forth with non-sapient plants
and animals, though whether or not these creatures have anything
valuable to share is contextual. This ability is always active.

  - > Entangle

Grasping vines and roots are conjured up, binding a target in place. To
use this ability, make an attunement check at a 2 shot cost. If
successful, the target is bound in place, unable to move or make use of
their arms. On each of their turns, they may make a free Health check
(opposed by your original Attunement check) to break free, allowing them
to move freely. If unsuccessful, they are unable to act unless it does
not require use of their hands or legs. They may attempt to destroy the
binding foliage itself; however, the foliage quickly regrows from any
damage, and must be cleared in one go. To do so, make an attack against
the roots; if it manages to deal more than 20 points of damage, the
roots are destroyed. Note that you cannot miss when attacking the roots;
the roll is only to determine damage.

  - > Weather Change

While disrespectful to nature’s inherent cycles, it is possible, and
often advantageous, to change circumstances to better suit an
adventurer’s tastes. What better place to start than the weather? To
cast this spell, make an Attunement check, DC 8, at a 3-shot cost. This
DC is subject to complications from extreme weather. If successful, the
weather of the local climate (up to 5 miles away) changes to suit your
whims. This effect lasts until an hour after dispelled, as normal
weather systems reassert themselves. While this spell is active, you
take a -2 penalty to Attunement.

  - > Wild Shape
