  - > Basic Transmutation: Stoneskin

Despite being the first talent taught to aspiring transmuters, Stoneskin
is arguably one of the most dangerous spells to attempt to learn with,
largely because it can only be cast on oneself, with disastrous failure
bringing terrible consequences. Still, if it can be mastered, it is an
excellent first spell, allowing even the most impotent of men to stand
up to those in steel armor. To use this ability, make an Attunement
check, DC 5. If successful, the caster gains 10 armor as long as he
continues to concentrate on the spell. Concentrating on maintaining the
spell imposes a -2 to Attunement for the duration. Stoneskin removes the
flexibility of flesh, making it a poor pairing with armor. If armor is
used in conjunction, it grants only half of it’s normal bonus.

  - > Layered Defenses

The latent magical fields created by maintaining concentration on a
spell can actually be warped into a defensive weave, allowing one to use
their persistent magics as a barrier against assault. To use this
ability, make a DC 8 Attunement check at a 2 shot cost. If successful,
you increase the shot cost of all future concentration spells by 1. In
return, you gain +2 armor for each active concentration spell you
maintain, including this one. This spell MUST be applied before other
concentration spells for them to provide an armor bonus.

*Prerequisite:* 8 Attunement

  - > Hail of Arrows

The matter of a projectile may be readjusted and rearranged in order to
provide additional projectiles, albeit slightly less effective ones. To
activate this ability, make an attunement check at a 1-shot cost. If
successful, the next projectile you fire automatically hits up to 6
targets, applying any on hit effects to all applicable enemies. While
the attack does require a roll, it is merely to determine damage; even
if it fails, treat it as a basic success. However, since the projectiles
themselves have significantly less mass than normal, they deal half
damage.

*Prerequisite:* 6 Attunement

  - > Size Control

Fantasy fulfillment for many, this spell allows the caster to alter both
their size and the size of others, though extreme modifications are
quite difficult. You are able to adjust your size upwards or downwards
at will, as well as the size of others with effort. To cast this spell,
make an Attunement check, DC 7, at a 3 shot cost. If successful, you may
choose to either increase or decrease the size of a chosen target,
including yourself. Increasing the size grants +1 to Health, as well as
a -1 to Dexterity. A decrease in size provides the opposite. This spell
lasts as long as you concentrate. Concentrating on maintaining the spell
imposes a -3 penalty to your Attunement for the duration. For every 3
points you exceed the DC, you may further affect a target’s size,
consequently increasing the bonuses and penalties by 1.

  - > Bolster

Magic that is largely favored by spellswords, this spell allows one to
improve their physical attributes, albeit for a limited time. To use
this ability, make an Attunement check, DC 9, at a 2 shot cost. If
successful, you may increase one physical attribute (Health or
Dexterity) by 1 point for as long as you concentrate. Concentrating on
maintaining the spell imposes a -2 penalty to your Attunement for the
duration. For every 3 points you exceed the DC, you may increase the
physical attribute bonus by 1.

  - > Polymorph
