Trolls get +10 health, -5 smarts

Thick Skin, Hardy, Poison Resistant, Relentless

SPECIAL: Trolls regain 15 hp at the start of every shot order. Out of
combat, they heal 10 HP a minute. This is disabled when attacked with
acid or fire. This ability does not continue if the troll dies.

Background: Well-meaning Simpleton

Available talents: Power Attack, Full Control, Two-handed
Specialization, Heavy Lifting, Creative Entering, Champion of the
Downtrodden, Basic Life: Heal, Rapid Onset

You begin the game with 3d4 gold, one Common weapon of your choice, a
set of armor with less than 100 gold, basic camping supplies (tent
appropriate to your size, a bedroll, 50 ft of rope, flint and tinder,
fishing rod and line), a set of poor quality travelling clothes, and 7
days of rations.

Orcs get +5 health and +5 attunement.

Adaptable, Naturalist, Hardy (2x), Spirit Lore

Note: an orc below 5th level may not use Spirit Lore unless he acquires
it through alternate means.

Background: Trained Wizard

Available talents: Any 3 from attunement, 2 of which must be within the
same school.

You begin the game with 2d20 gold, a generalists wand, a single potion
of a spell of your choice, common quality travellers clothes, and 7 days
rations.

Gnomes get +5 smarts and +5 attunement

Artisan, Blind Luck, Mostly Harmless, Handy, Speedcrafting

SPECIAL: Gnomes are completely incapable of taking talents from the
Wisdom section of Smarts.

Background: Tinker

Available talents: Speedcrafting, Bartering, Enchanting Focus, Basic
Conjuration: Force Ally, 1 attunement talent of your choice

You begin the game with 5d10+10 gold, a full set of tools appropriate to
your profession (common quality), a small cart capable of carrying your
starting gear +75 additional pounds of gear, one pack animal of your
choice, and either a minor magical item of your specification or an
assistant.

Helves get +5 smarts, +5 health

Experienced, Mentor, Adaptable, Diplomatic, Lightning Reflexes

SPECIAL: Helves are notably disliked by both humans and elves, and will
prompt hostility from either if their nature is discovered.

Background: Patient Warrior

Available Talents: Power Attack, Full Control, Parry, Dueling, All In,
Expose Weakness.

You begin the game with 4d6 gold, a good quality weapon of your choice,
a set of common quality armor worth less than 300 gold, a set of basic
camping supplies (tent appropriate to your size, a bedroll, 50 ft of
rope, flint and tinder, fishing rod and line), a set of common quality
travelling clothes, and a shovel.
