Humans

Humans possess a massive drive to spread civilization, and as such, are
the current dominant species. They are spread far and wide, inhabiting
most corners of the earth. Their settlements vary in size and
significance between small outposts and monuments to mortal power. Most
humans prefer to live quiet, uninvolved lives, though their sheer size
in numbers causes them to be overly-represented in the adventuring
community. Human adventurers are generally treated with respect and
trust, as humans, as a whole, have an innate respect for the rule of law
and order, even if it is not their own. Resultantly, many humans can be
found ingrained within communities of other races, with few exceptions.
Once again, due to volume, a true stereotype for humanity is difficult
to determine, as their numbers allow for great variation, though most
maintain a healthy respect for authority.

Humans are naturally resilient, and tend to be clever enough to solve
most of their problems. Human adventurers tend to favor martial
endeavors, though many have chosen to pursue magic. For either endeavor,
schools exist, created by humanity in an effort to perfect their chosen
arts. These schools are widely respected, and produce fine adventurers,
soldiers, and citizens of many different races. Humans are also often
seen alongside gnomes, usually operating as assistants, or, more
realistically, as restraints to gnomish recklessness. The greatest human
kingdom, at the moment, is the desert nation of Ust Natha, built at the
foot of the Three Sisters mountains. It is responsible for keeping the
monstrous horde present within the Three Sisters at bay, and is
considered by many to be the adventuring capital of the world.

Statistics

H-7 D-5 S-6 A-4 F-2

Racial Talents

*Adaptable:* Your body acclimatizes to natural and unnatural conditions
easily. You gain a +3 bonus to resisting the effects of extreme weather.
If you take this talent again, you are no longer disadvantaged by
difficult terrain, such as heavy underbrush or water.

*Respected (General):* Your reliability is known well to those who know
of you. This talent does not give specific statistical benefits;
instead, it modifies how others, notably friendly NPCs, interact with
you in a positive way. It is possible to lose this talent if your
behavior or actions should contradict the reputation you have garnished.

*Organized:* Everything in its place, and nothing will be forgotten. You
do not lose items, and retrieving things from your belongings no longer
takes time during combat. This lowers the shot cost of drinking potions
by 1, and otherwise nullifies the costs of any retrieval action.

*Quick Recovery:* Your body recovers quickly, much faster than most
others. Instead of healing for your Health value at the end of each day,
you heal for twice that amount.

*Bartering:* You have developed great mercantile skill, and are better
able to handle shopkeepers. You sell items for 10% more every time you
take this talent (to a maximum of 90%), and you can negotiate a higher
discount, with 5% more every time you take this talent (maximum 30%).
