Lycanthrope

Statistics

8/6/2/4

**Variants**

Nargacuga

7/7/2/4

Racial Talents

*Natural Weapons:* Lycanthropes, as a whole, possess a litany of
animalistic body parts that make them significantly more dangerous. As
such, Lycanthropes gain a +4 bonus to unarmed damage. They may choose to
increase this bonus to +6; however, the source of this increase is a
willingness to use their bite, which \*always\* infects. If the target
survives, they will become a Lycanthrope by the next full moon.

*Regeneration:* Lycanthropes, as unnatural beings, are extremely
durable, capable of withstanding most sustained conflicts due to their
regenerative powers. Lycanthropes regenerate 15 HP at the start of every
shot order, or 15 HP once every 30 seconds. Should they become damaged
by either Lunar magic or silver weaponry, this regeneration is disabled
for 1 keyframe.

*Second Life:* Werewolves that are forced to integrate into a society
that hates them must become quickly skilled in deception or risk
extermination. While in \*either\* form, Lycanthropes gain a +3 bonus to
checks meant to conceal their unnatural essence.

Lycanthropes gain two additional talents based on their particular
variant. They are listed here.

**Nargacuga**

*Flight:* Nargacuga possess flight, powered by a set of bat-like wings,
usually spanning about 8 ft. If the space they inhabit does not allow
for their wings to spread, they are unable to fly. Fly speed is Â¾ ground
speed, and must account for vertical movement, as well. Vertical
movement costs 2x as much movement.

*Pounce:* Nargacuga are ambush predators, specializing in catching their
foe unaware and killing or injuring it as quickly as possible. Even
within conflict, they prefer to leap at their targets, raking them with
all 4 sets of claws. Whenever you move to strike a target, you gain a +4
bonus to unarmed damage against that target.
