Humans: H-7 D-5 S-6 A-4 F-2

Dwarves: H-4 D-7 S-7 A-3 F-1

Elves: H-5 D-5 S-9 A-4 F-3

Half Elves: H-6 D-5 S-7 A-1 F-2

Gnomes: H-4 D-5 S-8 A-6 F-0

Orcs: H-7 D-5 S-4 A-6 F-2

Fey: H-5 D-5 S-4 A-9 F-4

Dusa: H-5 D-8 S-5 A-6 F-1

Trolls: H-11 D-5 S-2 A-2 F-2

Goblins: H-3 D-10 S-3 A-4 F-3

Sahuagin: H-7 D-8 S-5 A-3 F-1

Well Meaning Simpleton

Stat Changes: +2 to Health or Dex (Playerâ€™s Choice) with a -1 to Smarts.

Ability: If this Smarts penalty would leave the race with more than 3
Smarts, they are instead reduced to 3 Smarts. As long as this character
has 3 or less Smarts, they may always treat their Smarts as 3 for the
purposes of Charisma checks, ignoring any stat changes or penalties.

Available talents: Power Attack, Full Control, Two-handed
Specialization, Heavy Lifting, Creative Entering, Champion of the
Downtrodden, Basic Life: Heal, Rapid Onset

Starting Gear: You begin the game with 3d4 gold, one Common weapon of
your choice, a set of armor with less than 100 gold, basic camping
supplies (tent appropriate to your size, a bedroll, 50 ft of rope, flint
and tinder, fishing rod and line), a set of poor quality travelling
clothes, and 7 days of rations.

Trained Wizard

Stat Changes: +1 to Attunement and Smarts

Ability: You gain a +2 bonus to all rolls associated with talents
selected as part of this background. Additionally, once per day, when
using one of these talents, you may choose to reroll your flex dice. You
MUST take the second result. You may choose to use this ability after
your roll.

Available talents: Any 3 from attunement, 2 of which must be within the
same school.

You begin the game with 2d20 gold, a generalists wand, a single potion
of a spell of your choice, common quality travellers clothes, and 7 days
rations.

Tinkerer

Stat Changes: +1 to Attunement and Smarts

Ability: It takes you 25% less time to craft. Additionally, once per
day, if you would fail a craft check, you may reroll your flex dice. You
MUST take the second roll.

Available talents: Speedcrafting, Bartering, Enchanting Focus, Basic
Conjuration: Force Ally, 1 attunement talent of your choice

You begin the game with 5d10+10 gold, a full set of tools appropriate to
your profession (common quality), a small cart capable of carrying your
starting gear +75 additional pounds of gear, one pack animal of your
choice, and either a minor magical item of your specification or an
assistant.

Patient Warrior

Stat Changes: +1 to Dex and Smarts

Ability: Whenever activating a Stance talent, it costs 1 less shot to
activate. Additionally, Parry costs 1 less shot.

Available Talents: Power Attack, Full Control, Parry, Dueling, All In,
Expose Weakness.

You begin the game with 4d6 gold, a good quality weapon of your choice,
a set of common quality armor worth less than 300 gold, a set of basic
camping supplies (tent appropriate to your size, a bedroll, 50 ft of
rope, flint and tinder, fishing rod and line), a set of common quality
travelling clothes, and a shovel.
