  - > Force Push

As a 3 shot action, you may attempt to force a target or object in a
direction of your choice. Make an attunement check, opposed by its
health check. If you are targeting an object, it receives no roll, and
instead has a DC based on its size and weight. If you succeed, the
target is moved in a straight line a number of squares equivalent to
your attunement score. If the target impacts against something before
the movement is done, it takes 5 damage per 10 ft of remaining movement,
minimum 5. This damage penetrates armor bonuses from worn armor.

  - > Force Lightning

A basic, if somewhat gruesome force power. You make an attunement attack
against a target within 40 ft as a 3 shot action. If successful, they
take 11 points of electrical damage. This is a dark side power.

  - > Force Stun

A mental blow as much as a physical one, this power hits the opponent
with a quick burst of force, confusing and disorienting them. Make an
attunement check against a target within 75 ft, opposed by a smarts
check from your opponent. If you succeed, the target loses 3 shots.

  - > Move Object

One of the first abilities any force user learns. Make an attunement
check, base DC 4. If successful, you may move an object whose weight
does not exceed 10x your check result. The object must be within sight.
If the object is thrown, it deals damage equivalent to itâ€™s weight
divided by 10, minimum 5.

  - > Surge

A key component to duels and travel alike. Make an attunement check as a
1 shot cost as part of a movement action, DC equal to the distance to be
traveled divided by 5, rounded down. If successful, you move that far in
addition to your normal movement. This action does not end your turn.
This may be used to gain vertical ground as well as horizontal; if you
do, take the distance to be traveled and divide by 2.5, instead.
