  - > Form 1: Shii-cho

Direct, blunt, and aggressive, this is the most basic from from which
all others stem. While not specifically useful in most situations, it is
rarely detrimental to use it.

You gain +2 to all attacks while in this form. Additionally, you gain +2
to attempts made to disarm the opponent. If you know 2 additional forms,
increase both of these bonuses by +1.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Form 2: Makashi

An almost artful form, it has it's roots in duels amongst equals.
Careful back and forth, waiting for one fatal mistake, almost dancing
across the battlefield.

While in this form, you may make a five foot adjustment once per turn at
no cost. Additionally, while engaged in melee with only one target, you
gain the ability to make an attack or disarm attempt whenever the target
fails a roll by 3 or more. If you know 3 additional forms, you gain a +1
to attack and defense while in melee with only one combatant.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Form 3: Soresu

A careful, strategic form, designed as a counter to both superior
numbers and blaster fire. It's tight, controlled movement heavily
emphasize economy of motion and careful planning, creating a form simply
designed to outlast the opponent.

While in this form, you gain a +1 bonus to defense, parry checks, and
deflection attempts each time you are attacked, lasting until your next
turn. If you know 3 other forms, you may add half your smarts to those
same checks.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Form 4: Ataru

An acrobatic, dancing form. This form relies on attacking from every
possible angle, dancing around the enemy with Force-enhanced mobility.
It is highly aggressive, only avoiding danger by not allowing the
opponent time to respond.

While in this form, you may move up to half your movement both before
and after an attack at no cost. When doing so, if you make your attack
from a different angle from which you started your turn, you gain a +2
bonus to hit. Additionally, if you end your turn in a different position
from where you started, enemies gain a -2 penalty to hit you until your
next turn. When utilizing Ataru movement, you may move through spaces
occupied by others as if they were not there, though you may not pause
movement in an occupied space. If you know 3 other forms, after
successfully dodging an attack, you may immediately attack whoever
attacked you as a 3 shot cost. You gain the bonuses for Ataru for this
attack, and they take the penalties.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once. Requires Force sensitivity.

  - > Form 5: Djem So

A form relying on the sheer strength of the wielder, and his ability to
overpower or overwhelm his opponent. It relies heavily on wide, sweeping
strikes, as well as strong parries, attempting to knock away and control
the blade of the opponent.

While in this form, if you successfully parry an attack, that attack
costs 1 additional shot. If your parry check exceeds their attack roll
by 4 or more, the target is staggered, and takes a -2 penalty to defense
until the end of your next turn. Additionally, while in this form, you
may make attacks at up to 3 targets at once, though all must be within
melee range. Roll and resolve each attack separately. This cleave effect
costs 1 additional shot, making the attack cost 4 in total. If you know
3 other forms, your attacks and parries gain the ability to forcibly
move your opponent. If your parries or attacks exceed the opposing
attack roll or defense, respectively, by 6 or more, the opponent is
either knocked directly back or prone. You chose which.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Form 6: Niman

A generalist form, usually used with dual sabers. Often chosen by those
who are not able to take the time to fully study other forms, it
carefully balances aspects of most others to allow for a simplistic
approach to combat.

While in this form, your dual weapon attacks do not cost an additional
shot. However, you may choose to make a third attack when dual wielding;
this attack costs an additional 2 shots, and is made with both weapons.
If the attack is successful, add bonuses for exceeding defense once and
then add the damage for both weapons. The damage from each weapon is
mitigated by armor separately. If you know 3 other forms, while in this
form, you may choose to spend a shot without ending your turn to gain
the effects of another form until your turn ends.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Form 7: Vaapad

A dangerous, almost vicious form, it relies on the emotions and fury of
both combatants, fueling the wielder’s own aggression. The form’s
motions seem almost random, lacking a fixed style or practiced motions
that other forms possess.

While in this form, you gain a +1 bonus to attacks and defense at the
end of each shot order, lasting until combat ends. Additionally, if you
kill or disable a target, you gain an additional +1 to hit for the
remainder of the combat. You do not gain this bonus if the target was a
minion. If you know 3 other forms, your critical threat attacks are
always positive while in this form.

Shifting into a form costs 1 shot but does not end your turn. You can
only have one form OR stance active at once.

  - > Counterplay

To know a style is to know it’s strengths, and it’s weaknesses. If
someone you are fighting is in a form or stance you have the talent for,
they do not gain the bonuses from that stance or form while dealing with
you.
