Star Wars Talents

  - > Ace

\+20 to piloting checks, and you may access advanced ship maneuvers.

  - > Immelman Turn

Pull a tight upward roll, followed by an aileron roll to even out.
Places you directly behind a chasing ship if you succeed on an opposed
piloting check (+10 bonus on roll)

  - > Bolt Deflection

Your hand-eye coordination has reach the point where you can now deflect
projectiles using your melee weapon. When attacked by a ranged weapon,
you may spend 1 shot to make an opposing attack roll. If you succeed,
the shot is deflected, and you take no damage. If you exceed their roll
by successes beyond basic or more, you may choose to instead reflect it
back to its original source. If the target makes more than one attack
against you in a single shot, you make one roll against their best
result; if you succeed, all attacks are deflected/reflected. You may
only use this ability against one target per shot.

  - > Shii-Cho Form

The most basic lightsaber form. You may adopt this form at no cost; if
you are switching to this form from another, this action costs 1 shot.
You may only be in 1 lightsaber form at a time. While in this form, you
gain +10 to dodge. You also are unable to harm yourself in this form,
even as the result of a critical failure.

  - > Makashi Form

The Dueling Form, focused on defensive melee combat. You may adopt this
form at a 1-shot cost. You may only be in 1 lightsaber form at a time.
As a free action, you may designate an enemy combatant as your opponent;
as long as they are designated, any movement within 10 ft of them is
free, and you receive a +10 bonus to parry and dodge attempts vs that
target. Additionally, if you successfully parry and exceed the opposing
roll by 3 successes beyond basic, you may disarm the opponent, flinging
their weapon 10 ft away in a direction of your choice. If the opponent
has no melee weapon, and is using natural weapons to fight, they are
immune to this effect.

  - > Soresu Form

The Ranged Defense form, focused on avoiding blaster fire. You may adopt
this form at no cost; if you are switching to this form from another,
this action costs 1 shot. You may only be in 1 lightsaber form at a
time. While in this form, you gain +20 to attempts to deflect ranged
attacks, as well as a +10 bonus to dodging them. Additionally, all
successful deflect rolls become reflection.

  - > Aataru Form

The Acrobatic form, focused on elaborate movement and constant strikes.
You may adopt this form at a 1 shot cost. You may only be in 1
lightsaber form at a time. While in this form, you may, at no cost,
reposition yourself into any square adjacent to an enemy you have
attacked. Additionally, enemies gain a -10 to parrying or dodging your
attacks.

  - > Niman Form

The Balanced form, focused on preventing the enemy from gaining the
upper hand. You may adopt this form at no cost. If you are switching to
this form from another, this action costs 1 shot. Negate all penalties
applied to you by opponents in melee combat.

  - > Juyo Form

The Ferocious form, focused on aggression and victory. You may adopt
this form at a 1-shot cost. You may only be in 1 lightsaber form at a
time. While in this form, each of your successful attacks gives you a +2
bonus to damage until the next shot order. Additionally, charging an
enemy does not increase the shot cost of either movement or an attack.

  - > Parts Manufacturer
